TreeView: Update selection API descriptions (#370)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxTreeView/1 Configuration/onItemSelectionChanged.md

The item's node.

---
This function is executed when:

- Users select an item [by click](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTreeView/1%20Configuration/selectByClick.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeView/Configuration/#selectByClick') or [using its checkbox](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTreeView/1%20Configuration/showCheckBoxesMode.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeView/Configuration/#showCheckBoxesMode').

- The [selectItem()](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTreeView/3%20Methods/selectItem(itemElement).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeView/Methods/#selectItemitemElement') or [unselectItem()](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTreeView/3%20Methods/unselectItem(itemElement).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeView/Methods/#unselectItemitemElement') method is called.

> Alternatively, you can use the [onSelectionChanged](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTreeView/1%20Configuration/onSelectionChanged.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeView/Configuration/#onSelectionChanged') function, which is executed in all the cases above plus when all items are getting selected simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the [onSelectionChanged](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxTreeView/1%20Configuration/onSelectionChanged.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxTreeView/Configuration/#onSelectionChanged') function, which is executed in all the cases above, and when all items are selected simultaneously.
```
